the easiest way to build backlinks look
backlinks don't have to be hard to build
everyone says write amazing content
you're going to get links you know what
if you write the content don't promote
it no one's going to see it no one's
going to link to it even if you promote
it it's so hard to get links people used
to be willing to link way more back in
the day than they are now so one way
that a lot of people build links and
this isn't my favorite way but I'm going
to actually mention two ways I'm going
to break down the second easiest way and
then I'm going to break down the easiest
way the second easiest way to build
links is using the backlink opportunity
report in Uber suggest so when you go to
Uber suggest you put in your domain name
and you put in three of your competitors
it'll show you everyone who links your
competitors but does not link to you
think of it this way if someone links to
one of your competitors will they link
to you maybe they may like your
competition not you look if someone is
willing to link to not one not two but
three of your competitors the chances
are they'll link to you because they're
not loyal to any competitors so with the
backlink opportunity report it shows you
the exact Pages people are linking to
your competitors and if someone's
linking to three of your competitors and
you see the exact Pages you would just
want to create a better version of those
pages email them chances are they'll be
willing to swap out the link not
everyone will but a good chance now
that's not the easiest way I've built
links but that is my second favorite way
now my favorite way of building links
all right have you ever seen neil.com
ubersuggest that's a tool it's a tool on
SEO and helps you get more traffic it's
a free tool there's also a paid version
but you can do a lot of stuff for free
well a lot of my competitors charge for
you can do for free so here's what's
cool about it if you release enough
stuff for free in a tool that people are
used to paying for whether it's $5 or
$10 or $100 people link to that why
because it's easy people love linking to
stuff that's easy and cheap right or
free why would you pay $5 when you can
pay zero so if it's easy for them they
don't have to swipe a credit card they
don't have to pay there's no user
registration they're much more likely to
link to it that Uber says tool has over
10,000 backlinks so how do you build a
tool if you don't have tons of money
well you can use sites like code Canyon
and at code Canyon you can find tools on
almost every Industries pay maybe 10 20
$30 white label it pop it on your
website over time it helps you build
links even if you suck at promoting it
believe it or not I learned that one the
hard way um that's why love tools so
much or you can just go Google for like
free you know SEO tool free white label
you know uh real estate tool and then
just pop them on your website and then
over time it'll start generating you
backlinks that's how you build links in
the easiest way it's a long-term
approach Works super well I don't
recommend that you stop writing content
or stop doing any of the other link
building approaches but you should just
pop up the tool on your website and just
give it time and you'll build links plus
do
what you're already doing and that
everyone else is talking about when you
combine both of them that's how you
start beating your competition when it
comes to building backlinks and
outranking them if you need help with
this strategy check out my Ad Agency NP
digital if you have any questions leave
a comment below I'm here to help you out
thank you very much